capital = 1831

set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 1
set_war_support = 0.5

set_popularities = {
	communist = 0
	ultranationalism = 4
	socialist = 1
	progressivism = 0
	liberalism = 0
	liberal_conservatism = 2
	conservatism = 5
	paternalism = 60
	despotism = 20
	fascism = 5
	national_socialism = 3
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = paternalism
	last_election = "1933.2.16"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

recruit_character = GEN_Reisen_Udongein_Inaba
recruit_character = GEN_Kawasiro_Nitori
recruit_character = GEN_Hinanawi_Tenshi
recruit_character = GEN_Morichika_Rinnosuke
recruit_character = GEN_Yorigami_Jyoon
recruit_character = GEN_Hiziri_Byakuren
recruit_character = GEN_Huziwara_no_Mokou
recruit_character = GEN_Junko
recruit_character = GEN_Hiziri_Byakuren
recruit_character = GEN_Plank
recruit_character = GEN_Yasaka_Kanako
recruit_character = GEN_Hakurei_Reimu
recruit_character = GEN_Yakumo_Yukari
recruit_character = GEN_Ibarak_iKasen
recruit_character = GEN_Iizunamaru_Megumu
recruit_character = GEN_Matara_Okina
# Generals and Field Marshals #
recruit_character = GEN_Yakumo_Yukari_GEL
recruit_character = GEN_Yasaka_Kanako_GEL
recruit_character = GEN_Ibarak_iKasen_GEL
recruit_character = GEN_Ibuki_Suika
recruit_character = GEN_Saigyouji_Yuyuko
recruit_character = GEN_Kirisame_Marisa
recruit_character = GEN_Konpaku_Youmu
recruit_character = GEN_Yakumo_Ran
recruit_character = GEN_Reisen_Udongein_Inaba_GEL
recruit_character = GEN_Iizunamaru_Megumu_GEL
recruit_character = GEN_Shameimaru_Aya
recruit_character = GEN_Hoshiguma_Yugi
recruit_character = GEN_Komeiji_Satori
recruit_character = GEN_Wriggle_Nightbug
recruit_character = GEN_Rumia
recruit_character = GEN_Cirno
recruit_character = GEN_Remilia_Scarlet
recruit_character = GEN_Kazami_Yuka
recruit_character = GEN_Toramaru_Shou
recruit_character = GEN_Inubashiri_Momizi
recruit_character = GEN_Moriya_Suwako
recruit_character = GEN_Toyosatomimi_no_Miko
recruit_character = GEN_Joutougu_Mayumi
recruit_character = GEN_Kurokoma_Saki
recruit_character = GEN_Toutetsu_Yuma
recruit_character = GEN_Hutatsuiwa_Mamizou
recruit_character = GEN_Yamashiro_Takane

add_ideas = {
	#political#
	tno_political_parties_nonpartisan_system
	tno_religious_rights_pluralism
	tno_trade_unions_all_allowed
	tno_immigration_you_will_never_leave
	tno_slavery_corvee
	tno_public_meetings_regulated
	tno_press_rights_censored_press
	tno_vote_franchise_elite_voting
	#military#
	tno_conscription_service_by_requirement
	tno_military_supervision_no_supervision
	tno_training_advanced_training_methods
	tno_draft_exemptions_none
	#economic#
	tno_trade_laws_closed_economy
	tno_income_taxation_flat_taxes
	tno_minimum_wage_no_minimum_wage
	tno_max_workhours_unlimited_work_day
	tno_pensions_no_pensions
	tno_unemployment_no_subsidies
	#social#
	tno_health_care_free_universal_care
	tno_education_stratified_education
	tno_penal_system_rehabilitation
	tno_gender_rights_enforced_equality
	tno_security_totalitarian_police
	tno_regulations_utterly_unregulated
	#misc#
	tno_refugees_skilled
	tno_women_total_equality
	tno_racial_integration_integrated_military
	tno_child_labor_illegal
	tno_safety_acceptable_regulations
	tno_pollution_some_regulations
	tno_lgbt_rights_lgbt_allowed
	tno_minorities_equal_rights
	#social development
	tno_academic_base_primary_schooling
	tno_research_facilities_outdated
	tno_agriculture_basic_mechanized
	tno_healthcare_nascent
	tno_industrial_equipment_manufacturing_lines
	tno_industrial_expertise_nascent
	tno_army_professionalism_political_interference
	tno_admin_efficiency_deficient_administrative_systems

	#GEN Idea#
          GEN_The_Land_of_Hermits
          GEN_The_War_of_Religion
          GEN_Moriya_Modernization
          GEN_Konata_Rules
          GEN_SC_Rules

	#Ministers#
	GEN_Yakumo_Yukari_hog
	GEN_Ibarak_iKasen_for
	GEN_Iizunamaru_Megumu_eco
	GEN_Matara_Okina_sec
}
